SDK LICENSE AGREEMENT

This SDK License Agreement (this “Agreement”) is an agreement between
you and your company (collectively, “Licensee”), on the one hand, and
QTI Technologies, Inc. (“QTI”), on the other hand, concerning
Licensee's use of QTI'S MARE (Multicore Asynchronous Runtime
Environment) SDK (Software Developer Kit).  BY ACCEPTING THIS
AGREEMENT AS INDICATED BELOW YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT YOU HAVE
READ THIS AGREEMENT, UNDERSTAND IT, ARE AUTHORIZED TO ENTER INTO IT ON
BEHALF OF LICENSEE, AND THAT LICENSEE AGREES TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS
AND CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT.  IF LICENSEE DOES NOT AGREE TO THESE
TERMS AND CONDITIONS, QTI IS UNWILLING TO AND DOES NOT AND WILL NOT
LICENSE THE MARE SDK TO LICENSEE.  IF LICENSEE DOES NOT AGREE TO THESE
TERMS AND CONDITIONS LICENSEE MAY NOT COMMENCE (AND IF COMMENCED, MUST
DISCONTINUE) ANY INSTALLATION PROCESS AND SHALL NOT USE THE MARE SDK
OR RETAIN ANY COPIES OF THE MARE SDK, EVEN IF LICENSEE HAS IN ANY
MANNER COME INTO POSSESSION THEREOF.  ANY USE OR POSSESSION OF THE
MARE SDK BY LICENSEE IS SUBJECT TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS SET FORTH
IN THIS AGREEMENT.

RECITALS

QTI has developed the MARE SDK and the API User Guide and other
documentation that is provided by QTI for use with the MARE SDK (the
“Documentation”) (the MARE SDK and the Documentation are referred to
collectively herein as the “Software”).  Licensee desires to license
the MARE SDK to enable Licensee to develop an integrated application
that is optimized for use on devices with multi-core processors
(“Integrated Application”) in accordance with the terms and conditions
of this Agreement (the “Permitted Use”).  In consideration of the
mutual representations and promises contained herein, the receipt and
sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereby agree
as follows:

1. LICENSE GRANT.

1.1 License to Software. Subject to and conditioned upon Licensee’s
compliance with the Documentation and the terms and conditions of this
Agreement, including the limitations, conditions, restrictions and
obligations set forth below, QTI hereby grants to Licensee a personal,
non-exclusive, non-sublicensable (except as expressly provided in
Section 1.4 (Limited Sublicense Rights)), non-transferable, revocable,
limited license under QTI’s copyrights in the Software, during the
term of this Agreement, to (i) download, install and internally use
the Software in machine-readable (i.e., object code) form solely for
the Permitted Use, and (ii) distribute the Integrated Application in
object code form only, including only the object code runtime and
library components of the Software. Licensee may not use the Software
and may not accept this Agreement if Licensee or any Licensee employee
seeking to use the Software is barred from receiving the Software
under the laws of the United States or any other country, including
the countries in which Licensee and its employees are resident or in
which Licensee or its employees use the Software. In addition to any
additional software that QTI may provide pursuant to Section 1.5
(Additional Software), the Software licensed hereunder includes the
following:

MARE Software Development Kit 
• MARE Software Development Kit in binary form including library
headers, runtime library, and build and configuration scripts.
• Documentation including MARE API User Guide, MARE Reference Manual,
MARE installation instructions, and tutorials.

1.2 Documentation. Subject to and conditioned upon Licensee’s
compliance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement, including
the limitations, conditions, restrictions and obligations set forth
below, Licensee may reproduce and use a reasonable number of copies of
the Documentation on an internal basis only, and solely in support of
Licensee’s Permitted Use of the Software. Distribution of the
Documentation is prohibited without the express written permission of
QTI.

1.3 Third Party Licenses. The Software may contain third party
programs, including but not limited to software licensed under open
source terms. The license terms associated with those programs apply
to Licensee’s use of them, and in some instances such programs cannot
be used or further distributed without a license from the respective
owner of such programs. Licensee shall be solely responsible to
obtain, if necessary, a separate and independent license from such
owners with respect to any such use. The delivery of the Software does
not convey a license, nor imply any rights, to use third party
programs. A separate and independent license for such use may be
required and Licensee shall be solely responsible to verify whether
such license is needed in conjunction with Licensee’s use of such
third party programs.

1.4 Limited Sublicense Rights. Subject to and conditioned upon
Licensee’s compliance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement,
including the limitations, conditions, restrictions and obligations
set forth below, QTI hereby grants to Licensee a personal,
non-exclusive, non-sublicensable, non-transferable, revocable, limited
license under QTI’s copyrights in the MARE library and runtime
components, during the term of this Agreement, to sublicense the MARE
object code library and runtime files, solely as an integral part of
the Integrated Application and solely to licensed recipients of the
Integrated Application, subject to the following additional
requirements: (a) Licensee shall not distribute the MARE library and
runtime binary files except in object code form and as fully
integrated into Licensee’s application(s), (b) Licensee’s sublicense
must be no less protective of the Software and the rights and
interests of QTI and its Affiliates than are the terms of this
Agreement, and (c) Licensee shall not make any representations,
warranties, or undertake (or attempt to undertake) any obligations on
behalf of QTI or its Affiliates, and Licensee shall ensure that QTI
and its Affiliates shall have no liability to Licensee’s
sublicensees. For purposes of this Agreement, “Affiliate” means any
person or entity which directly or indirectly Controls, is Controlled
by, or is under common Control with such entity. The term “Control”
means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct
or cause the direction of the management and policies of a person or
entity, whether through the ownership of more than fifty percent (50%)
of voting securities, by contract or otherwise.

1.5 Additional Software. QTI hereby reserves the right to provide or
otherwise make available, at its discretion, additional software to
Licensee from time to time. Any additional software or documentation
that QTI provides to Licensee by express reference to this Agreement
will be considered to be part of the Software or Documentation, as the
case may be, and subject to all terms and conditions of this
Agreement. By accepting, possessing or using such additional software
or documentation, which shall include without limitation any related
plug-ins as QTI may directly or indirectly distribute, Licensee agree
that the terms of this Agreement will apply thereto.

1.6 Bug Reports. Licensee is encouraged to report to QTI all bugs
Licensee experiences or encounters with the Software and Licensee
agrees that QTI shall have the right to use, without attribution or
compensation to Licensee, all feedback (of any nature) which QTI
receives or otherwise obtains from Licensee, in any form, to improve,
enhance or modify the Software or otherwise.

2.      RESTRICTIONS.

2.1 Retention of Rights. Licensee acknowledges and agrees, on behalf
of itself and its Affiliates, that nothing in this Agreement shall
convey, assign or otherwise transfer to Licensee or any of its
Affiliates any title or ownership rights in or to any of the Software
or any intellectual property rights of QTI.  Except for the express
copyright license rights granted to Licensee in Section 1 of this
Agreement, no other rights under any intellectual property are granted
by QTI under or as a result of this Agreement (whether expressly,
impliedly, by virtue of estoppel or exhaustion, or otherwise).
Licensee acknowledges and agrees, on behalf of itself and its
Affiliates, that neither the delivery of the Software nor any
provision of this Agreement will be deemed or construed to grant
(whether expressly, impliedly, by virtue of estoppel or exhaustion, or
otherwise) any right, license, authority to infringe, or immunity from
infringement liability under or to: (i) any patents of QUALCOMM
Incorporated or any of its Affiliates, (ii) any other intellectual
property rights of (a) any Affiliate of QUALCOMM Incorporated (other
than QTI) or (b) QUALCOMM Incorporated, or (iii) any intellectual
property rights of QTI covering or relating to any technology
(including, without limitation, any product or invention) not embodied
solely in the Software.  Licensee acknowledges and agrees, on behalf
of itself and its Affiliates, that (a) this Agreement does not modify
or abrogate any obligations that Licensee or any of its Affiliates has
under any license or other agreement with QUALCOMM Incorporated,
including, without limitation, any obligation to pay any royalties,
and (b) Licensee will not, and will ensure that each of its Affiliates
do not, contend that it has obtained any right, license, authority to
infringe, or immunity from infringement liability with respect to any
patents of QUALCOMM Incorporated or any of its Affiliates under or as
a result of this Agreement (whether expressly, impliedly, by virtue of
estoppel or exhaustion, or otherwise).

2.2 Use Restrictions. Except as expressly provided in Section 1
(License Grant) above, Licensee may make a single copy the Software
only for backup purposes, provided that Licensee reproduces all
copyright and other proprietary notices that are on the original copy
of the Software on any copy of the Software that is made. Licensee
shall not, and shall not authorize or otherwise permit any third party
to, incorporate, link, distribute or use any third party software or
code in conjunction with (i) the Software (ii) any software, products,
documentation, content or other materials developed using the
Software, nor (iii) any derivative works that Licensee makes using the
source code portions of the Software (if any), in such a way that: (a)
creates, purports to create or has the potential to create,
obligations with respect to the Software or other QTI software,
including without limitation the distribution or disclosure of any
source code; or (b) grants, purports to grant, or has the potential to
grant to any third party any rights to or immunities under any
intellectual property rights or proprietary rights of QTI or its
Affiliates, including without limitation as such rights exist in or
relate to the Software. Without limiting the generality of the
foregoing, Licensee shall not incorporate, link, distribute or use (1)
the Software or any other software provided by QTI, (2) any software,
products, documentation, content or other materials developed using
the Software, nor (3) any derivative works that Licensee makes using
the Software (if any), with any code or software licensed under any
version of the GNU General Public License (“GPL”), Affero General
Public License (“AGPL”), Lesser General Public License (“LGPL”),
European Union Public License (“EUPL”), Apple Public Source License
(“APSL”), Common Development and Distribution License (“CDDL”), IBM
Public License (“IPL”), Eclipse Public License (“EPL”), Mozilla Public
License (“MPL”), or any other open source license, in any manner that
could cause or could be interpreted or asserted to cause the Software
or other QTI software (or any modifications thereto) to become subject
to the terms of the GPL, AGPL, LGPL, EUPL, APSL, CDDL, IPL, EPL, MPL,
or such other open source license. Licensee, and each party receiving
Software or any copies thereof from Licensee, shall not receive any
rights to use such Software or copies thereof in a manner that will
cause any patents, copyrights or other intellectual property rights
which are owned or controlled by QTI or any of its Affiliates (or for
which QTI or any of its Affiliates has received license rights) to
become subject to any encumbrance or terms and conditions of any third
party or open source license (including, without limitation, any open
source license listed on
http://www.opensource.org/licenses/alphabetical) (each an “Open Source
License”). These restrictions, limitations, exclusions and conditions
shall apply even if QTI or any of its Affiliates becomes aware of or
fails to act in a manner to address any violation or failure to comply
therewith. Also, no act by QTI or any of its Affiliates that is
undertaken under this Agreement as to any software or technology shall
be construed as being inconsistent with the intent not to cause any
patents, copyrights or other intellectual property rights which are
owned or controlled by QTI or any of its Affiliates (or for which QTI
or any of its Affiliates has received license rights) to become
subject to any encumbrance or terms and conditions of any Open Source
License.

2.3 Additional Restrictions. Licensee will not: (i) reverse engineer,
disassemble, decompile, or translate the Software, or otherwise
attempt to derive the source code version of the Software, except if
and only to the extent expressly permitted by applicable law; (ii) use
the Software and/or Documentation or any portion thereof to create or
develop any developer tools (including without limitation plug-ins and
middleware) or any software other than an Integrated Application;
(iii) make more copies of the Software and/or Documentation than
specified in this Agreement or allowed by applicable law despite this
limitation; (iv) transfer or assign this Agreement or any of the
rights, duties or obligations hereunder; (v) except as expressly
permitted hereby, rent, lease, loan or otherwise in any manner provide
or distribute the Software and/or Documentation or any copy of thereof
to any third party; (vi) access or use for any purpose any application
protocol interface (API) such as the MARE APIs, except as expressly
described in the Documentation; or (vii) except as expressly permitted
under Section 1 (License Grant), reproduce, distribute, publicly
perform, publicly display or create derivative works of or based on
the Software and/or Documentation, or disclose, provide or otherwise
transfer, in any manner, to any third party the Software,
Documentation or any portion thereof. Licensee will not include in its
Integrated Applications (y) any content or materials of any kind
(text, graphics, images, photographs, video, sounds, etc.) that
comprise, constitute or depict profanity, nudity, pornographic images
or explicit sexual themes, or defamatory or libelous statements,
material that infringes the intellectual property of any person or
entity, material that infringes upon the privacy or data protection
rights of any person, or material that is or could be considered to be
illegal or objectionable, or (z) any malware, malicious or harmful
code, program or other internal component (e.g., computer viruses,
Trojan horses, “backdoors” etc.) that could damage, destroy or
adversely affect other software, firmware, hardware, data, systems,
services or networks. In addition, Licensee shall not use the Software
and/or Documentation to create or develop any Integrated Application
that invades, violates or infringes the copyrights, patent rights,
trade secrets, trademark or service mark rights, privacy, publicity,
or any other rights of any person or entity, or that libels or defames
any third party. Licensee further agrees not to design or develop any
Integrated Application based on the use of the Software in a manner so
as to, or with the objective to, damage any wireless device, computer,
network, or any feature or function of a wireless device, computer or
network based on the use of such application. Licensee represents and
warrants that it has obtained all necessary permissions and licenses
from all holders of intellectual property rights, if any, in material
or code appearing, used or recorded in any Integrated Application that
Licensee creates or develops with the Software and/or
Documentation. The license to the Software and Documentation granted
to Licensee hereunder is solely for the Permitted Use and the Software
and Documentation shall not be used for any other purpose or use.

2.4 Additional Services and Functions. No fees are due under this
Agreement for the use of the Software in connection with the
development, distribution and demonstration of the Integrated
Application in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. Licensee
acknowledge that certain optional services may currently or in the
future be provided by QTI, QTI’s Affiliates, and/or service providers,
and access to such services may be licensed separately and may include
separate charges for use.

3.  CONFIDENTIALITY; NO SUPPORT. Licensee hereby acknowledges and
agrees that the Software, along with the accompanying Documentation
and related information, are confidential and proprietary to
QTI. Except as expressly permitted in this Agreement, Licensee shall
not disclose, or permit the disclosure of, the Software and/or
confidential Documentation in any form or any information relating to
the Software and/or Documentation (including without limitation the
results of use or testing) to any third party without QTI’s prior
written permission; provided that, Licensee may otherwise generally
make mention of and discuss the Software with others. Licensee further
acknowledges and agrees that any unauthorized use or disclosure of the
Software, confidential Documentation and/or such information may cause
irreparable harm and significant injury to QTI that would be difficult
to ascertain or quantify; accordingly Licensee agrees that QTI shall
have the right to seek and obtain injunctive or other equitable relief
to enforce the terms of this Agreement and without limiting any other
rights or remedies that QTI may have. Also, Licensee acknowledges and
agrees that the Software and Documentation are provided “AS IS,” that
QTI is under no obligation to provide any form of technical or other
support for the Software and/or Documentation, and that if QTI, in its
sole discretion, chooses to provide any form of support or information
relating to the Software and/or Documentation, such support and
information shall be deemed confidential and proprietary to QTI and
protected in accordance with this Section 3. Licensee shall not make
any disclosure or public announcement relating to this Agreement or
the subject matter hereof without the prior written approval of QTI.

4.  DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES. LICENSEE EXPRESSLY ACKNOWLEDGES AND
AGREES THAT THE USE OF THE SOFTWARE AND DOCUMENTATION IS AT LICENSEE’S
SOLE RISK. THE SOFTWARE, DOCUMENTATION AND SUPPORT, IF ANY, ARE
PROVIDED "AS IS" AND WITHOUT ANY WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER
EXPRESS, IMPLIED, STATUTORY OR OTHERWISE. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT
PERMITTED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW, QTI AND ITS AFFILIATES AND LICENSOR(S)
(FOR EASE OF REFERENCE IN SECTIONS 4, 5, AND 6, QTI AND ITS AFFILIATES
AND LICENSOR(S) SHALL BE COLLECTIVELY REFERRED TO AS QTI) EXPRESSLY
DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED, STATUTORY OR
OTHERWISE, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. QTI DOES NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT THAT THE FUNCTIONS
CONTAINED IN THE SOFTWARE WILL MEET LICENSEE’S REQUIREMENTS, OR THAT
THE OPERATION OF THE SOFTWARE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE, OR
THAT THE SOFTWARE OR ANY SERVICE ENABLED BY THE USE OF THE SOFTWARE
WILL ALWAYS BE AVAILABLE, OR THAT DEFECTS IN THE SOFTWARE OR
DOCUMENTATION WILL BE CORRECTED. FURTHERMORE, QTI DOES NOT WARRANT OR
MAKE ANY REPRESENTATIONS REGARDING THE USE, OR THE RESULTS OF THE USE,
OF THE SOFTWARE OR DOCUMENTATION IN TERMS OF ITS CORRECTNESS,
ACCURACY, RELIABILITY, OR OTHERWISE. NO ORAL OR WRITTEN INFORMATION OR
ADVICE GIVEN BY QTI OR ITS AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVES SHALL CREATE ANY
REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY OR IN ANY WAY INCREASE THE SCOPE OF ANY
EXPRESS WARRANTY. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF
IMPLIED WARRANTIES, SO THE ABOVE EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY OR MAY BE
LIMITED.

5.  LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED UNDER
APPLICABLE LAW, UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION
NEGLIGENCE, SHALL QTI, ITS AFFILIATES OR ANY OF THEIR RESPECTIVE
DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES OR AGENTS BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE, EXEMPLARY OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF BUSINESS
PROFITS, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, LOSS OF BUSINESS INFORMATION AND THE
LIKE) ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY
DOWNLOAD, INSTALLATION OR USE OF, OR INABILITY TO USE, THE SOFTWARE
AND/OR DOCUMENTATION, EVEN IF QTI HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH DAMAGES. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE LIMITATION OR
EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY FOR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES SO THE
ABOVE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY OR MAY BE LIMITED.  QTI
HAS NO OBLIGATION TO DEFEND, INDEMNIFY OR HOLD LICENSEE HARMLESS UNDER
THIS AGREEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL QTI’S TOTAL AGGREGATE LIABILITY FOR
ANY AND ALL DAMAGES, LOSSES, CLAIMS AND CAUSES OF ACTIONS (WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, TORT, INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE, OR OTHERWISE) EXCEED ONE HUNDRED
DOLLARS ($100 US) OR THE EQUIVALENT THEREOF IN ANY OTHER CURRENCY.

6.  INDEMNITY. If an application is written by Licensee using any
component of the Software and such application is used, distributed,
or otherwise deployed, then Licensee agrees to indemnify and hold QTI,
its Affiliates and each of their respective officers, directors,
employees and successors and assigns (each, a “QTI Indemnitee”)
harmless from and against any and all claims, demands, causes of
action, losses, liabilities, damages, costs and expenses, incurred or
otherwise suffered by each QTI Indemnitee (including but not limited
to costs of defense, investigation and reasonable attorneys’ fees)
arising out of, resulting from or related to (i) any use, reproduction
or distribution of the Software, as modified or integrated by
Licensee, which causes an infringement of any patent, copyright,
trademark, trade secret, or other intellectual property, publicity or
privacy right of any third party arising in any jurisdiction anywhere
in the world, except and solely to the extent such infringement is
caused by the unmodified Software, or portions thereof, as supplied to
Licensee by QTI under this Agreement, (ii) the download, distribution,
installation, storage, execution, use or transfer of such software,
products, documentation, content, materials or derivative works by any
person or entity except and solely to the extent such harm is caused
by the unmodified Software, or portions thereof, as supplied to
Licensee by QTI under this Agreement, (iii) any physical or electronic
harm caused to persons, property, equipment, software, hardware,
firmware, or data in whole in part by any software, documentation, or
related materials distributed by or on behalf of Licensee in
connection with this Agreement, and (iv) any breach of this Agreement
by Licensee. As requested by QTI, Licensee agrees to defend each QTI
Indemnitee in connection with any third party claims, demands, or
causes of action resulting from, arising out of or in connection with
any of the foregoing.

7.  TERM AND TERMINATION. This Agreement shall be effective upon
acceptance by Licensee and shall continue until it expires or is
earlier terminated. Expiration of this Agreement shall occur upon QTI
designating the Software as at the end of its life or QTI otherwise
withdrawing the software from distribution.  Licensee may terminate
this Agreement at any time by deleting and destroying all copies of
the Software and all related information in Licensee’s possession or
control, provided that Licensee also informs QTI in writing at that
time of such termination. This Agreement terminates immediately and
automatically, with or without notice, if Licensee fails to comply
with any provision hereof. Additionally, QTI may at any time terminate
this Agreement, either with or without cause, upon notice to
Licensee. Upon termination Licensee must delete or destroy all copies
of the Software and Documentation in Licensee’s possession, and the
license and other rights granted to Licensee in this Agreement shall
terminate. Sections 1.5, 1.6, and 2 through 14 shall survive the
termination of this Agreement.

8.  EXPORT COMPLIANCE ASSURANCES. Licensee acknowledges that all
hardware, software, source code and technology (collectively,
“Products”) obtained from QTI are subject to the US government export
control and economic sanctions laws, including the Export
Administration Regulations (“EAR”, 15 CFR 730 et seq.,
http://www.bis.doc.gov/ ) administered by the Department of Commerce,
Bureau of Industry and Security, and the Foreign Asset Control
Regulations (31 CFR 500 et seq.,
http://www.treas.gov/offices/enforcement/ofac/) administered by the
Department of Treasury, Office of Foreign Assets Control
(“OFAC”). Licensee assures that Licensee and its Affiliates will not
directly or indirectly export, re-export, transfer or release
(collectively, “export”) any Products or direct product thereof to any
destination, person, entity or end use prohibited or restricted under
US law without prior US government authorization to the extent
required by regulation. The US government maintains embargoes and
sanctions against the countries listed in Country Groups E: 1/2 of the
EAR (Supplement 1 to part 740), currently Cuba, Iran, North Korea,
Sudan and Syria but any amendments to these lists shall
apply. Licensee agrees not to directly or indirectly employ any
Product received from QTI in missile technology, sensitive nuclear or
chemical biological weapons activities, or in any manner knowingly
transfer any Product to any party for any such end use. Licensee shall
not export Products listed in Supplement 2 to part 744 of the EAR for
military end-uses, as defined in part 744.21, to the People’s Republic
of China. Licensee shall not transfer any Product to any party listed
on any of the denied parties lists or specially designated nationals
lists maintained under said regulations without appropriate US
government authorization to the extent required by
regulation. Licensee acknowledges that other countries may have trade
laws pertaining to import, use, export or distribution of Products,
and that compliance with same is Licensee’s responsibility.

9.  GOVERNMENT END USERS. If Licensee is acting on behalf of an agency
or instrumentality of the U.S. government, the Software and
Documentation, as applicable, are “commercial computer software" and
"commercial computer software documentation" developed exclusively at
private expense by QTI. Pursuant to FAR 12.212 or DFARS 227 7202 and
their successors, as applicable, use, reproduction and disclosure of
the Software is governed by the terms of this Agreement.

10.  USE OF NAME AND LOGO. Licensee shall not display or make any use
of QTI’s or its Affiliates’ names, marks or logos in connection with
Licensee’s application without the prior written approval of
QTI. Licensee agree that QTI and its Affiliates may include Licensee’s
name and the graphical assets, screenshots, logos, trademarks and
other digital assets (the “Graphical Assets”) that Licensee uses with
its application or otherwise associates with its application, on QTI
or other MARE-related website(s) and as part of MARE-related marketing
materials.

11.  DEMONSTRATION OF LICENSEE’S APPLICATIONS BY QTI. If an Integrated
Application is written by Licensee or on Licensee’s behalf using any
component of the Software and such Integrated Application is made
available for download or distribution, then from and as of such date
as Licensee submits such Integrated Application for, or otherwise
permits or enables, such download or distribution, Licensee hereby
grants QTI and its Affiliates a world-wide, assignable, non-exclusive,
fully paid-up and royalty-free, perpetual right and license to use,
distribute, publicly display and publicly perform, in each case for
promotional and/or demonstration purposes, each such Integrated
Application and accompanying documentation and Graphical Assets. Any
such use by QTI or its Affiliates under the above terms shall be
subject to payment of any applicable standard download, subscription
or use fees otherwise generally applicable to the application when
accessed by the general public, but otherwise any agreement, terms or
conditions for such application shall be superseded by this section,
and shall be inapplicable to the promotion and/or demonstration of the
Integrated Application(s) as described above. Licensee may terminate
the license it grants in this Section 11 on not less than thirty (30)
days’ prior written notice to QTI (by nationally recognized courier
delivery to Qualcomm Technologies, Inc., Attn. Legal Department / MARE
Licensing, 5775 Morehouse Drive, San Diego, CA 92121), provided that
such notice references this Agreement, clearly identifies the affected
Integrated Application(s), and states that Licensee wishes to
terminate the license granted under this Section 11 with respect to
such Integrated Application(s).

12.  GENERAL. This Agreement is governed and interpreted in accordance
with the laws of the State of California, excluding its conflicts of
law provisions.  The United Nations Convention on Contracts for the
International Sale of Goods is expressly excluded and does not apply.
Any claim, lawsuit or proceeding arising out of or related to this
Agreement must be brought exclusively in a federal or state court
located in San Diego County, California, and QTI and Licensee hereby
consent to the jurisdiction and venue of such courts for such purpose.

13.  ENTIRE AGREEMENT; AMENDMENT; LANGUAGE. This Agreement is the
entire and exclusive agreement between QTI and Licensee with respect
to the Software and Documentation and supersedes all prior agreements
(whether written or oral) and other communications between QTI and
Licensee with respect to the Software and Documentation. Except to the
extent that QTI is expressly precluded by applicable law, QTI further
reserves the right to make changes to this Agreement, including but
not limited to as needed to reflect changes in business practices or
to reflect changes in or required by law or otherwise, by providing
Licensee with reasonable notice of the changes, which notice may be
sent by mail, by e-mail, by facsimile, by update to the Software, by
posting an updated version of this Agreement to
http://developer.qualcomm.com/mare,, or by otherwise delivering such
notice to Licensee. Licensee will be responsible for reviewing and
becoming familiar with any and all such changes. If Licensee continues
to use the Software or Documentation after notice of any changes has
been provided or posted, Licensee shall be deemed to have accepted any
and all such changes. Otherwise, this Agreement may be modified only
by a written amendment executed by both Licensee and QTI. This
Agreement is entered into solely in the English language, and if for
any reason any other language version is prepared by any party, it
shall be solely for convenience and the English version shall govern
and control in all respects. If Licensee is located in the province of
Quebec, Canada, the following applies: The parties hereby confirm they
have requested this Agreement and all related documents are prepared
in English. Les parties ont exige que le present contrat et tous les
documents connexes soient rediges en anglais.

14.  THIRD PARTY RIGHTS. Excepting the terms and rights applicable to
QTI’s Affiliates and licensors as expressly stated herein (which terms
and rights such QTI Affiliates and licensors shall be entitled to
enforce as third party beneficiaries), the parties agree, and confirm
their mutual intention, that neither this Agreement nor any of the
terms of this Agreement will be enforceable by virtue of the Contract
(Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999, or otherwise, by any person/entity
not a direct party to it. Notwithstanding that any term of this
Agreement may be or may become enforceable by a person who is not a
party to this Agreement, the terms and conditions of this Agreement
may be modified or amended, or this Agreement may be suspended,
cancelled, rescinded or terminated by the parties as provided in
Section 13 (Entire Agreement; Amendment; Language) without the consent
of any such third party.

v.20130818
